>> Steve Kinney: So I did make some
changes, so I wanna do an awsmobile pull,
which again, cuz we made changes,
not pill, pull.
>> Steve Kinney: It's gonna
pull down our changes,
>> Steve Kinney: Into our application.
>> Steve Kinney: All right,
now we've played around with
some of the configuration.
Time to actually add
authentication to our application.
Those are all words that are really
fun to say in consecutive order.
So we'll pull it up in code.
>> Steve Kinney: And again,
forms are the best thing ever to
do in client side applications.
Stuff like radio buttons all of
a sudden are hard and fun again.
We're going to basically not do that.
So for some of these things,
AWS Amplified React provides a bunch
of components that we can use.
It provides an authenticator component,
it also provides us higher order
component called withAuthenticator.
withAuthenticator wraps
another component and
basically provides an authenticator
until they've signed in.
And it handles all the state of where
they are in that sign-in process.
We've talked before that there
can be two-factor, also.
Okay, they've signed in,
now we're waiting for the code.
Or they've signed out but
now we're waiting for confirmation.
So on and so forth and what it does
is it handles all of that state.
Now, amplify provides the kind
of primitive methods for
you to wire all this off yourself by hand.
And you can totally do that if you have
a custom flow that you're looking to do.
Also, for the authenticator component,
if you don't like the way that it looks,
you can theme it.
We're not going to because watching
me do CSS live is not worth it.
But you can actually pass in even
in-line styles as well, either way.
So we're actually gonna pull that
withAuthenticator higher order
component in.
And what we'll do is kind of
the simplest thing for now.
We'll wrap the entire application in our
authenticator, basically being like,
you either see a login page or
you see the application.
Now, if for instance, some applications
have a certain amount of public data,
we're not gonna go into
that level of depth.
This is a very private application,
and it's an all or
nothing affair in this case.
And so in our application.js,
that is the kind of root component
of our client side application.
We're gonna pull in the withAuthenticator
component up at the top.
And so we can basically say import,
with curly braces,
from
'aws-amplify-react'.
aws-amplify is generic JavaScript methods.
If it's a React component
that we're looking to use,
it will be in
the aws-amplify-react library.
The curly braces are there's obviously
more than one component in this library.
So this is saying, like,
of all the components,
get me the withAuthenticator component.
So we can pull that into our code base.
Pulling it in is half the battle.
The next thing we need to do is use it.
Now a higher order component just
basically wraps a kinda more traditional
component in React.
And we've decided that our
application's an all or nothing affair.
So what we wanna do is we wanna
wrap the application component.
This is where we're defining
the application component.
And the only thing we do in
this file at the very end,
all the way at the bottom,
>> Steve Kinney: Is we export it.
Now we could use in the index file,
we could also just wrap it right here.
We're gonna say, hey instead of
exporting the Application component,
what I'd like you to do is,
>> Steve Kinney: I would love for
you to export the Application component
wrapped with the authenticator, right?
So this is gonna handle,
if they're logged in,
they're gonna see
the Application component.
If they're not logged in, they
are gonna see the authenticator, right?
And it would be able to know whether or
not it should show them the log in or
if to show them the Application component.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, so
I'm gonna take that, and
I'm going to just really
quickly commit it.
>> Steve Kinney: Add withAuthenticator,
>> Steve Kinney: Nope.
>> Steve Kinney: Extra colon, that's fine.
It'll push that out.
All right, cool,
let's actually now take it for a spin.
So yarn start or npm start,
>> Steve Kinney: And
where before,
we saw our grudge bin application,
we're gonna see something
slightly different this time.
We're gonna see this gorgeous
sign-in component, right?
This is our withAuthenticator,
we're not signed in cuz we just added it.
We haven't had the opportunity
to sign in or sign out yet.
We just added it, and
once we are authenticated,
then we'll be presented
with the application.
Now again, if you're using React router,
there might be all sorts of fancy
stuff that you wanna do custom.
You can customize all of this.
But just to get us started,
let's use the one that's built in.
And there's a whole bunch of functionality
here that is not glamorous to work with,
right, like forgot password.
It seems like table stakes for
an application, but
also kind of not trivial if you're
writing it yourself, either, right?
And so this allows us to use that
infrastructure to build applications and
not worry about those problems
with definite known solutions,
but also still tedious
to implement ourselves.
So go ahead and sign out.
And it's asking you all these questions.
I'm pretty sure I can get away with
a slightly reduced list of them
at this point.
I'll put in my bank password, password123.
Let's try to sign up.
I need an email as well.
>> Steve Kinney: Fun fact,
you get error messages, right?
It's already validating the space and
the schema,
I don't have to implement this myself.
I don't like to do this stuff.
Cool, and it sent me a code, and
I'm just gonna pull that up real quick.
I'll run this screen, and
I've got a verification code
that I can bring on over.
And I can confirm, so
then I can actually log in.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool,
and then I am in the app.